surgery over
and the little boy is reunited with his
sister the only one of you layla's
babies to escape
unharmed but if they're going to survive
they'll need round-the-clock care and
feeding
ulia herself seems unfazed by the havoc
she's created
but although she wants nothing more to
do with her babies she still has an
important part to play
if the babies are to have the best
possible chance of surviving
they need her milk
the problem is uleli would attack them
if she saw them
so there's only one thing for it
the babies are safe in the incubator and
ulelia is now anesthetized
it's time for perhaps the most important
meal of their lives
should we get the little boy out yeah
he's super grippy
yeah he's still i mean he's still using
that hand to hold mine
and she's got milk on both sides so yeah
good
boy put her on the other side
think you're going at it a bit more
you'd be angry if you knew
you should be furious you let them knew
me
the first milk that primates produce is
known as colostrum
a nutrient-rich cocktail packed full of
immunity boosting
antibodies which it's almost impossible
to replicate
dom is relieved that at least this part
of the process
has gone to plan well done little boy
little girl i think it's time to wake
your mom up
[Music]
over the next few days a round-the-clock
feeding rota is established for the
twins
and tonight i'm gonna see how dom gets
on with his first shift
looking after the tiny tamarins
it's seven o'clock the zoo's been shut
for ages
but for dorm the night's work has only
just started
hi dom brilliant first night with them
with these two yeah there's been many
before these
with guys this little female she's
really rooting around now
she's really confident i can see as she
is yeah so i think give me some food now
hell so here we go you've got one mil
one mil
right specs on this is serious stuff
just put your thumb under her chin
right okay and then just latch on
no that's it now you're in control you
see now there you go lovely
with my kids dom i was a long time ago
but we just used to stuff it in until
they stopped
yeah i think well hopefully these guys
in two
two weeks three weeks time they'll be
crazy like that
let's just let that go down a bit you
know okay just like this but
it's amazing the way they just grip on
like this
this is a really good sign you've got a
strong baby you know
oh i don't know how you can do that
you're going through there
but it's got to hang on to you going
through the jungle
yeah at breakneck speed you've seen them
haven't you yeah we've seen them doing
it yes
hang about she's got to hang on yeah and
they are they're like
if you try and take them off they're
like but he's got this bad
boar so he's just that little bit more
exactly
could be a bit more careful with him so
dom these little ones won't be going
back
to the wild but hopefully their children
or their children's children
they might one day go back to the
rainforest they might well and let's
hope there's still rain for us for them
and that's what we're fighting for
like mad and when you take on a
difficult species
you have to be there to help them every
step of the way
[Music]
[Applause]
you